Installation Instructions for the Fast and the Furious
------------------------------------------------------


1. Create Makefile.local

Create a file Makefile.local. In this file you must configure a
built-in "magic" string that will be used to encrypt internal data
structures. For example:

    # Makefile.local 
    MAGIC = This is my builtin secret passphrase

Choose a good passphrase. E.g., visit
https://www.grc.com/passwords.htm and copy one of the passphrases that
are uniquely generated on that page for each visitor. Or let your
favorite broswer plugin such as LastPass generate one.

Back up this Makefile.local to a secure spot, or write down your top
secret passphrase for a next time. You might need it if you need to
rebuild fe. If you rebuild fe with a different magic, then you won't
be able to transcrypt files encrypted with a previous version.


2. Type "make local"

This will make a local build. You can play around with main/fe to see
whether you're satisfied with it.


3. Installation

Type "make install". You might want to do this as user root (e.g., via
"sudo"), because the installation target directories are
/usr/local/lib and /usr/local/bin.

On Linux, type (as user "root"):
    ldconfig
This will update the table of the dynamic linker, so that
/usr/local/lib/libfe.so will be found at next invocations of fe.

If you don't want to install to /usr/local/{bin,dir} then you can set
BINDIR and LIBDIR accordingly before typing "make install":
    export BINDIR=/where/ever/bin
    export LIBDIR=/where/ever/lib
    make install
In that case, for Linux, you will have to add /where/ever/lib to your
list of library directories in /etc/ld.so.conf.


4. Sanity checking

Type "make test". This will run a number of (simple) checks to prove
the sanity of the installed software.


How is fe versioned
-------------------

Fe's version numbers start at 1.00. The 1 is the major version number
and increases only when the transcryption algorithm changes. The minor
number 00 is reserved for small updates.

When installing a new version of fe with a different *major* version
number, follow these steps:

- Before installing the new version, create an plaintext version of
  your encrypted files. You will need to do this with the previously
  used version of fe.
- Then install the new version and re-create the encrypted files.

NOTE THAT FILES TRANSCRYPTED WITH ONE MAJOR VERSION CANNOT BE TRANSCRYPTED
WITH ANOTHER MAJOR VERSION. FE CANNOT DETECT THIS. YOU ARE RESPONSIBLE
FOR YOUR OWN HOUSEKEEPING.
